README.md, before:

# QSS (Quantitative Social Science) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kosukeimai/qss.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kosukeimai/qss)
Supplementary Materials for the book,
**[Quantitative Social Science: An Introduction](http://press.princeton.edu/titles/11025.html)**,
published by Princeton University Press in 2017.  See the [book website](http://qss.princeton.press/).  It is
also available for purchase at vendors like
[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Quantitative-Social-Science-Kosuke-Imai/dp/0691175462).

The book is based on the teaching philosophy summarized in the talk I
gave at the Nuffield Foundation's
[Q-Step Programme](http://www.nuffieldfoundation.org/q-step) in 2015: 
[slides](http://imai.princeton.edu/talk/files/Q-Step15.pdf) 

This repository contains the data sets and **R** scripts for all of the chapters:

1. [Introduction](INTRO)
2. [Causality](CAUSALITY)
3. [Measurement](MEASUREMENT)
4. [Prediction](PREDICTION)
5. [Discovery](DISCOVERY)
6. [Probability](PROBABILITY)
7. [Uncertainty](UNCERTAINTY)

In addition, the repository contains:

1. [Errata](errata/QSSerrata.pdf)
2. [Sample course syllabi](syllabus)


## R package `qss`

The data and code in this repository are also available as an
[R package `qss`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-package) 
(see [the package website](https://kosukeimai.github.io/qss-package/)). The code is in 
the form of vignettes. To install this package, use the following command:

    install.packages("devtools") # if you have not installed devtools package already
    devtools::install_github("kosukeimai/qss-package", build_vignettes = TRUE)
    
Once the `qss` package is installed, you can use the data and vignette:

    library(qss)
    data(package = "qss") # list all data sets
    data(elections) # load the elections data
    vignette(package = "qss") # list all vignettes
    browseVignette("qss") # list vignettes and R code
    vignette("causality", package = "qss") # show the vignette for the Causality chapter

## Related repositories

1. [swirl exercises `qss-swirl`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-swirl)
2. [Interactive Tutorials for QSS by Matt Blackwell](https://github.com/mattblackwell/qsslearnr)
3. [R package `qss`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-package) ([the package website](https://kosukeimai.github.io/qss-package/))
4. [tidyverse code `qss-tidy` by Jeff Arnold](https://github.com/jrnold/qss-tidy) 
5. [R package `qss.student` for students by Will Lowe](https://conjugateprior.github.io/qss.student/) 
6. [instructors' materials `qss-inst`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-inst)
7. [Lecture slides for QSS](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-lecture) 

The last two repositories are private.  Instructors who wish access to these materials should either request access at the [book website](http://qss.princeton.press/) or email me.

Commit message:

Adding tidy versions of materials
Adding tidy versions of .R,  .Rmd, and. pdf files, also updated README

README.md, after:

# QSS (Quantitative Social Science) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kosukeimai/qss.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kosukeimai/qss)
Supplementary Materials for the book,
**[Quantitative Social Science: An Introduction](http://press.princeton.edu/titles/11025.html)**,
published by Princeton University Press in 2017.  See the [book website](http://qss.princeton.press/).  It is
also available for purchase at vendors like
[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Quantitative-Social-Science-Kosuke-Imai/dp/0691175462). Also included are materials for **[Quantitative Social Science: An Introduction in tidyverse](https://qss.princeton.press/)**, published by Princeton University Press in 2022. All tidyverse versions contain "-tidy" in their file names. 

The book is based on the teaching philosophy summarized in the talk I
gave at the Nuffield Foundation's
[Q-Step Programme](http://www.nuffieldfoundation.org/q-step) in 2015: 
[slides](http://imai.princeton.edu/talk/files/Q-Step15.pdf) 

This repository contains the data sets and **R** scripts (available in .R, .Rmd, and .pdf formats) for all of the chapters:

1. [Introduction](INTRO)
2. [Causality](CAUSALITY)
3. [Measurement](MEASUREMENT)
4. [Prediction](PREDICTION)
5. [Discovery](DISCOVERY)
6. [Probability](PROBABILITY)
7. [Uncertainty](UNCERTAINTY)

In addition, the repository contains:

1. [Errata](errata/QSSerrata.pdf)
2. [Sample course syllabi](syllabus)


## R package `qss`

The data and code in this repository are also available as an
[R package `qss`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-package) 
(see [the package website](https://kosukeimai.github.io/qss-package/)). The code is in 
the form of vignettes. To install this package, use the following command:

    install.packages("devtools") # if you have not installed devtools package already
    devtools::install_github("kosukeimai/qss-package", build_vignettes = TRUE)
    
Once the `qss` package is installed, you can use the data and vignette:

    library(qss)
    data(package = "qss") # list all data sets
    data(elections) # load the elections data
    vignette(package = "qss") # list all vignettes
    browseVignette("qss") # list vignettes and R code
    vignette("causality", package = "qss") # show the vignette for the Causality chapter

## Related repositories

1. [swirl exercises `qss-swirl`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-swirl)
2. [Interactive Tutorials for QSS by Matt Blackwell](https://github.com/mattblackwell/qsslearnr)
3. [R package `qss`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-package) ([the package website](https://kosukeimai.github.io/qss-package/))
4. [tidyverse code `qss-tidy` by Jeff Arnold (the starting point for the QSS: tidyverse version of the book)](https://github.com/jrnold/qss-tidy) 
5. [R package `qss.student` for students by Will Lowe](https://conjugateprior.github.io/qss.student/) 
6. [instructors' materials `qss-inst`](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-inst)
7. [Lecture slides for QSS](https://github.com/kosukeimai/qss-lecture) 

The last two repositories are private.  Instructors who wish access to these materials should either request access at the [book website](http://qss.princeton.press/) or email me.
